you know, a typical story or thing that would happen in my job as a leader.
I remember helping ah, young sailor who was having some issues
with his specific leader in his division. Um, I got an opportunity
to walk through some leadership aspects of what it takes, um, to serve
under many different personalities. But get an opportunity to, uh,
correctly go through his chain of command, walk him through that,
um, together and almost be a mitigator between those two individuals
where it ended up working out that it was miscommunication. When both
people were on the same page. They got along great and no careers
were hurt or suffered, and things got were able to be accomplished
and got done.